It just won't stay dead!
Fun for the whole family except grandma and grandpa
"Krafted with luv
by monsters"
The flames in your TV are not part of the show
[ Cancel ] [ OK ]
Provides a full day's supply of Vitamin F!
Soon to be a major religion
We're not done with the mash-up! (during the end credits)
From The Makers Of Futurama
No refunds
This Episode Worth 250 Futurama Points
A Stern Warning of Things to Come
Based On a True Story
Presented in Brain Control Where Available
Where no fan has gone before
It Makes a Nice Sandwich
"Featuring Sparky, the invisible elf"
The humans shall not defeat us
"Dancing space potatoes?
You bet!"
Known to cause insanity in laboratory mice
Psst... Big party at your house after the show!
Now interactive! Joystick controls Fry's left ear
Today's Episode Brought To You By The Letter O
What happens in Cygnus X-1 stays in Cygnus X-1
Rebirth
Not Based On The Novel By James Fenimore Cooper
The only show broadcast at the speed of light
Apply directly to the eyes
Disclaimer: Any resemblance to actual robots would be really cool
Made By Hand (and Tentacle)
Dictated but not read
Not The Episode With The Dead Dog
As seen on TV
Avenge us
"If unable to see this message, turn on Futurama now"
As foretold by Nostradamus
Collect all fifty billion!
"Others ask, ""What if?"" We ask, ""Why if."""
Featuring gratuitous alien nudity
"If you can read this, thank us!"
Torn from tomorrow's headlines
Penetrates even the thickest foil hat
Loading...
Not a Substitute for Human Interaction
#1 most viewed show among viewbots
See you on some other channel
Put on 3-D monocle now
"If you don't watch it, someone else will"
"From the network that brought you ""The Simpsons"""
You can't prove it won't happen
Time travelers: Only 331 shopping days 'til last Xmas
Apply directly to the foreclaw
Coming soon to an illegal DVD
Not sure if new episode or just rerun of episode I watched drunk
"When you see the robot, drink!"
For external use only
Live from Omicron Persei 8
"Thanks for watching, Futurama slave army!"
In color
Purveyors of Entertainment to Her Majesty the Space Queen
(or similar product)
Federal law prohibits changing the channel
Secreted by the Comedy Bee
Ask your doctor if Futurama is right for you
For the sophisticated shut-in
Watch it or die trying
The Proud Result of Prison Labor
It's Tentacular!
Please turn off all cell phones and tricorders
Scratch here to reveal prize
Please rise for the Futurama theme song
Smell-O-Vision Users Insert Nose Tubes Now.
"We are following you, but not on Twitter"
Hey TiVo! Suggest this!
Tell Your Parents It's Educational
Painstakingly drawn before a live audience
Made you look!
A show out of ideas teams up with a show out of episodes
Reincarnation
It just won't stay dead!
<ESP> Closed-captioned for the ESP-impaired
Bigfoot's choice
"It's like ""HEE HAW"" with lasers"
"If not entertaining, write your congressman"
Spoiler alert: robots and whatnot
Beats a hard kick in the face
"If accidentally watched, induce vomiting."
Filmed On Location
Bender's Humor by Microsoft Joke
The Proud Result of Prison Labor
Proudly Made on Earth
Two scoops of pixels in every scene
Featuring a new invisible character who doesn't speak
Deciphered From Crop Circles
Any Resemblance To Actual Future Is Purely Coincidental
"Watch, Rinse, Repeat"
100100001101001
Touch eyeballs to screen for cheap laser surgery
Presented in double vision (where drunk)
Now with Chucklelin
There will be a test
The humans shall not defeat us
As seen at the 1939 world's fair
There's No Bismuth Like Show Bismuth
"This time, it's personal"
"The episode they'll be thinking about by the water cooler, but not mentioning specifically"
Simulcast on Crazy People's Fillings
The show that watches back
"Voted ""best"""
Now available without a prescription
100
Broadcast simultaneously one year in the future
Too hot for radio
"Larva-tested, pupa-approved"
This episode performed entirely by sock puppets
Warning: Do Not Show To Horses
Current eBay bid: $8.51
One of the 77 Wonders of the Future World
A by-product of the TV industry
Or is it?
Condemned by the Space Pope
Made from meat by-products
The Robots are Coming! The Robots are Coming!
Nominated For Three Glemmys
"If this show's a-rockin', don't come a-knockin'"
Last known transmission of the Hubble Telescope
Apply viewing oil now
Mr. Bender's Wardrobe By Robotany 500
"For proper viewing, take red pill now"
In Hypno-Vision
Soon to be a hit television show
Transmitido en Martian en SAP
This episode has been modified to fit your primitive screen
Love it or shove it
Controlling you through a chip in your butt since 1999
Not affilliated with Futurama Brass Knuckle Co.
Put On 2-D Glasses Now
>>Not Y3K Compliant<<
Brought to you by Regretto permanent clown makeup
The one bright spot in your life!
#1 Rated Show in Universe 3
The flames in your TV are not part of the show
The Lost Adventure
No humans were probed in the making of this episode
